How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It helps to find any accidentaly inserted modification in your code. Also if you
    change your code and it doesn't work anymore it will be easier to return to the
    correct way.

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    We will be able to identify each moment that there was any kind of shift in the
    direction of the code or if there is any block that was changed that could be
    modified or returned to turn the code clearer.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    Manually it allows you to decide whenerver you judge there was an individual
    logical change that should be checked. In the other hand, it is user dependent
    while automatically it will not depend on user but you might miss a logical
    cutting point.

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Tracking across multiple files allow Git to change simultaneously interrelated
    files in a repository, making proper changes so that the program can keep
    working properly.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log will list all commits IDs and some more information about then while
    git diff allows us to check the changes inserted in the code, showing how many
    insertions and deletions have been done.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because if we need we can undo it in a more reliable way or return to a previous
    checkpoint to fix a bug.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    To try to save time coding and also for learning with my own evolution in coding.